document sipnet.in, sipnet.param, add context to use of events.out (#73)
PecanProject/sipnet: docs/parameters.md

| E\_STAR\_SNOW                                  | 0.6                       | approximate saturation vapor pressure at 0°C (kPa)                                                              |
|                                                |                           |                                                                                                                 |

## Input Files

### Run Settings

The `sipnet.in` file specifies run settings for SIPNET, including the run type, input file names, and output options. The file is self-documenting, with comments describing each option. Key features of interest include 

- `FILENAME` Set output filenames.
- `PRINT_HEADER` Print header information to output files
- `DO_SINGLE_OUTPUTS` Write each variable to a separate file

> Multi-site runs, sensitivity tests, and Monte Carlo runs are deprecated. Typically these analyses are handled 

Author: changed https://github.com/PecanProject/sipnet/commit/c9b901957aa53eb0da0155a58259bb3fcc8241a8

#### Events output

SIPNET will create a file named `events.out` when event handling is enabled. 

_Note: `events.out` is primarily intended as a log debugging and testing purposes; 

> the `events.in` contains the same information but is easier to parse for downstream analyses._

Reviewer: I wouldn't call it the same information for events that calculate changes in other parameters beyond what's specified in the events.in line, e.g. tillage decomposition multipliers

> _Note: `events.out` is primarily intended as a log debugging and testing purposes; 
> the `events.in` contains the same information but is easier to parse for downstream analyses._

Reviewer: I wouldn't call it the same information for events that calculate changes in other parameters beyond what's specified in the events.in line, e.g. tillage decomposition multipliers

```suggestion
_Note: `events.out` logs all parameters changed by an event for debugging and testing purposes; 
For downstream analyses that only need the date and event type, `events.in` is equivalent and easier to parse._
```

1    2024   70  irrig    fluxes.immedEvap=2.50,envi.soilWater=2.50
1    2024  200  harv     env.litter=4.25,envi.plantLeafC=-1.39,envi.plantWoodC=-1.63,envi.fineRootC=-2.52,envi.coarseRootC=-2.97
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

_Note: `events.out` logs all parameters changed by an event for debugging and testing purposes; 
For downstream analyses that only need the date and event type, `events.in` is equivalent and easier to parse._

```
